c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.exe.config
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.exe
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.pdb
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant_Content.g.cs
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.g.resources
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.exe
c:\users\marci\onedrive\dokumenty\visual studio 2015\Projects\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.pdb
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.exe.config
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.exe
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.pdb
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.exe
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.pdb
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\View\ServiceSelection.g.cs
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\View\ServiceSelection.baml
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.g.resources
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\CarServiceAssistant.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\View\ServiceModification.g.cs
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\View\ServiceModification.baml
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\View\ServiceAdding.g.cs
C:\Users\marci\Desktop\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\CarServiceAssistant\obj\Debug\View\ServiceAdding.baml
